"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston Churchill
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." – Martin Luther King Jr.
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." – Sam Levenson
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." – Confucius
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." – Abraham Lincoln
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out." – Robert Collier
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." – John Lennon
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." – Dalai Lama
"The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." – Tony Robbins
"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." – Albert Einstein
"Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." – Roy T. Bennett
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." – Chinese Proverb
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." – Wayne Gretzky
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." – Og Mandino
"Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life." – Steve Jobs
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." – Stephen Covey
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." – Charles Kingsleigh
"Don't count the days, make the days count." – Muhammad Ali
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James
"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all." – Helen Keller
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." – Lao Tzu
"Everything you can imagine is real." – Pablo Picasso
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." – Robert Frost
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." – George Bernard Shaw
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." – Napoleon Hill
"Dream big and dare to fail." – Norman Vaughan
"Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." – Robert Louis Stevenson
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." – Charles R. Swindoll
"We can complain because rose bushes have thorns, or rejoice because thorns have roses." – Alphonse Karr
"It always seems impossible until it's done." – Nelson Mandela
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." – Arthur Ashe
"The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it." – Jordan Belfort
"Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are." – Theodore Roosevelt
"The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others." – Mahatma Gandhi
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." – Mahatma Gandhi
"You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending." – C.S. Lewis
"Courage is grace under pressure." – Ernest Hemingway
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." – Aristotle
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." – Lao Tzu
"Success doesn’t come from what you do occasionally, it comes from what you do consistently." – Marie Forleo
"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." – John D. Rockefeller
"The only way to have a good day is to start it with a positive attitude." – Unknown
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." – Mark Twain
"We do not remember days, we remember moments." – Cesare Pavese
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It always seems impossible until it's done." – Nelson Mandela
"If you can dream it, you can do it." – Walt Disney
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." – Mahatma Gandhi
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." – Confucius
"If you’re going through hell, keep going." – Winston Churchill
"The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it." – Unknown
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." – Buddha
"To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." – Joseph Chilton Pearce
"Great things never come from comfort zones." – Unknown
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says ‘I’m possible!’" – Audrey Hepburn
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." – Mae West
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." – Roy T. Bennett
"You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." – Maya Angelou
"The best revenge is massive success." – Frank Sinatra
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." – Truman Capote
"Do one thing every day that scares you." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." – Nelson Mandela
"The purpose of life is to contribute in some way to making things better." – Robert F. Kennedy
"Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up." – Isabelle Lafleche
"If you’re not making mistakes, then you’re not making decisions." – Catherine Cook
"Life is either a great adventure or nothing." – Helen Keller
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says ‘I’m possible!’" – Audrey Hepburn
"You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you." – Brian Tracy
"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple." – Dr. Seuss
"If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough." – Albert Einstein
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." – Walt Whitman
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see it." – Confucius
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." – C.S. Lewis
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." – Oscar Wilde
"The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." – H. Jackson Brown Jr.
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." – Walt Whitman
"Don’t count the days, make the days count." – Muhammad Ali
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count, it's the life in your years." – Abraham Lincoln
"Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened." – Dr. Seuss
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." – Nelson Mandela
"Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans." – John Lennon
"Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will." – Suzy Kassem
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." – Napoleon Hill
"You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." – Zig Ziglar
"It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up." – Vince Lombardi
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." – Theodore Roosevelt
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success." – Albert Schweitzer
"Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today." – Will Rogers
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." – C.S. Lewis
"Everything you can imagine is real." – Pablo Picasso
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." – Oscar Wilde